you
welcome back to photo finds i am your
host Kevin ye let's get started looking
around Orlando we begin here at Epcot
where the crowds were big and the
souvenir guides were new and we're
looking at the info board where this is
kind of a new installation and at the
very beginning of Food & Wine the
cessation had a twitter feed over on the
side that twitter feed is now gone we're
jumping over to Germany where they've
always had food and wine booths in their
model train set what they don't always
have because it's not always there in
the regular Epcot is the cranberry bog I
thought that was a nice little detail
inside the restaurant at the American
adventure pavilion there is no one in
line because everyone's in line out here
the booths were crazy busy on Saturday
long 30-minute lines were not uncommon
because there were as you can see about
70,000 people in the park that day it
was almost New Year's Eve levels of
crowds here's something haven't seen
before a remote-controlled Mickey Mouse
didn't see the person controlling it
trailing behind it some Mickey stickers
kids were encouraged to just run up and
grab the stickers that they wanted
switching parks to Hollywood studios
you've got the Christmas decorations
beginning to go into some of the
theaters some of the shock windows and
here at the Disney Animation the
building where there is a theater
they've got new signs at the base and
one of the signs explains what's there
at the disney animation building and the
other one explains where to find
everything via a map once you're inside
the building you'll see some of these
familiar posters where they're
explaining or showing off the movies
that are about to come like brave or the
movies who have recently come out like
Winnie the Pooh and cars to another set
over in the corner there where you see
some of the drawings and the mac cats
for Winnie the Pooh and for cars to the
Winnie the Pooh meet and greet also in
the magic of disney animation building
isn't brand new but I haven't been over
here since it open so I thought it would
poke my head in and have a look at how
they do the queue and you can see there
are videos not only in the corner on the
video monitors but actually projected on
the walls sometimes so that it's more
interactive and feels a little bit more
like playing with the book like they do
in the actual pool movies at moppet
vision 3d these penguins their stage has
been stuck in the upward position for
some time now there's a mechanism broken
apparently and they can't lower them
which means that you can still see the
Penguins while the movie is going on
that can be a little distracting
another effect that's broken is at the
end after the cannon battle there are
supposed to be projections of damage to
the theatre in all parts not just in the
front part of the theater Osborne family
spectacle of dancing lights is under
construction behind these walls in the
streets of America and as you can see
most of the big pieces are now in place
they're on track for an opening and
early November probably the second week
the Indiana Jones stunt adventure
recently got a new Indiana Jones figure
and this signage in the back is brand
new so it just looks colorful and the
colors really pop out now this is a new
design for ice cream and I like that
it's in theme and looks like a Mickey
Mouse popsicle that one is eating and
speaking of Mickey let's poke your heads
into great movie ride nothing new here
but here's a hidden mickey behind this
banner in the underworld and then also
at the gangster shootout scene you can
see the guy in the bottom there here's
another Mickey up in the corner and
these are not new but just something I
thought I'd point out since we were
there at the American Idol Experience
this year's American Idol winner in the
TV show is now part of the video loop
that plays either beforehand as well as
during the show and we happen to be
there when the 1,000th dream ticket was
going to be given out this is Sylvia
Hercules a local resident from Chicago
originally here singing I Will Survive
and this is the moment after her success
in winning there are cannons shooting
confetti out they don't normally do that
and she's been given a giant oversized
placard here saying that she's won the
dream ticket this is not her in the
background she's already looked on
backstage she wasn't given this one to
take home this is just for photo
opportunities and I enjoyed that the
recipient and the date were a little bit
backwards on the sign there's our winner
after the fact and she's carrying just
the small dream ticket not the full-size
one had a chance to take in the blue man
group at Universal also this is a
fabulous piece of entertainment it's
really a mostly a comedy sketch with a
lot of drums and percussion mixed in and
I really recommend it to people as a way
to cap a date at universal the souvenir
we got this time around was my
eight-year-old wanted to pick up one of
these little pen lights that shines sort
of bat-signal style the Blue Man symbol
that you can do in any darkened room
still at Universal we are here at
citywalk where they're building a
miniature
golf underneath the bridge that and that
was one side of the bridge you're seeing
here and here's the other side of the
bridge that leads you into city walk
from the parking structure there's a
structure which is presumably the front
of the city of the golfing area and
here's another building that has some
design built into it no word yet on or
no idea really just looking at it what
that is going to turn out to be deeper
into city walk this is the central
billboard it's an electronic billboard
it's under wraps for the moment
presumably coming right back now this is
at sea world and one of the things I
like to do is take pictures of the
t-shirts throughout the parks when I
visit the parks I don't do it all the
time but when I'm in a park and I
haven't taken t-shirts in some while I
like to get a sense for which t shirts
are available what are the designs how
much do they cost just to give people an
example of what they can expect shopping
wise once they come out on their
vacation so this was all taken from the
shop at the entrance to SeaWorld this is
the reason we were here at SeaWorld was
halloween spooktacular you can see the
dates up at the top it's many of the
weekends in October and as the sign says
it's included with your park admission
so unlike mickey's not-so-scary
halloween party or halloween horror
nights this one just comes included with
your your admission ticket you can spend
your time doing this while doing what
you asked well meeting with some
characters taking some photos at the
photo ops grabbing one of these bags
which you'd have to pay for and then
doing the trick or treating and you
don't have to pay for trick-or-treating
that's just one of those special bags
you get a free bag to every one of these
purple jelly fish you see here is a
trick or treating location and they're
giving out free candy it goes all the
way from one end of the Shamu stadium
all the way back around to the dolphin
nursery there are dance club set up and
you've got some of the characters out to
try to get you in the mood there's that
free bag which you can fill with candy
and hear in the background is the trick
or treating station and they're giving
out sort of one piece of candy to adults
maybe two and sometimes a whole handful
to the kids an approach I quite light so
here's a stage and where they have
another dance party set up and as you
can see there are a lot of people really
getting in the mood here as well as
these pumpkin fish the little kids can
crawl around on here is an example of
our bag our contents of our bag dumped
out halfway through the trail so you
imagine you can end up with about
twice that much going through the thing
just once we visited shamu rocks briefly
I wanted to see if they had fixed the
screen that was broken right here a few
weeks ago and indeed they had and I also
hadn't seen the largest whale Tilikum
back out in the water since the incident
last year that brings us to the end of
another week we thank you for your
attention and we will catch you guys
next time